Update stratigility to 2.2 (#2)
laminas/laminas-mvc-middleware: CHANGELOG.md

### Deprecated

- [#2](https://github.com/laminas/laminas-mvc-middleware/pull/2) Deprecates direct

>   usage of double-pass and callable middlewares. Use decorators provided by laminas-stratigility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2](https://github.com/laminas/laminas-mvc-middleware/pull/2) deprecates direct usage of double-pass and callable middleware. Please use the decorators and helper functions provided by laminas-stratigility (`CallableMiddlewareDecorator`, `DoublePassMiddlewareDecorator`, `middleware()`, and `doublePassMiddleware()`).
```

- The plural of middleware is middleware.
- CHANGELOG notes should link to documentation, and/or provide full information on what changes a user should make.
